Add external contribution documentation (#1889)
nasa/cumulus: docs/external-contributions/external-contributions.md

---
id: external-contributions
title: External Contributions

> hide_title: true

Reviewer: Nitpick: In conjunction with #1887, can we do `hide_title: false` here?

Author: yep, done

---

> # External Contributions

Reviewer: If you use `hide_title: false`, then you don't need this

Author: Whoops, yep, thanks!

Contributions to Cumulus may be made in the form of [PRs to the repositories directly](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) or through externally developed tasks and components. Cumulus is designed as an ecosystem that leverages Terraform deployments and AWS Step Functions to easily integrate external components.

> This list may not be exhaustive and represents components are open source and owned externally that have been tested with the Cumulus system. For more information and contributing guidelines, visit the respective GitHub repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This list may not be exhaustive and represents components that are open source and owned externally and that have been tested with the Cumulus system. For more information and contributing guidelines, visit the respective GitHub repositories.
```

Just a thought: do we list all Cumulus repositories anywhere? Should we?

Author: I don't know that we do. They are tagged. I need to go through these docs and find a place to do that.

## Distribution

> [The ASF Thin Egress App](https://github.com/asfadmin/thin-egress-app#welcome-to-tea---the-thin-egress-app) is a key component of Cumulus distribution. TEA can be deployed [with Cumulus](../deployment/thin_egress_app) or as part of other applications distribution data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The ASF Thin Egress App](https://github.com/asfadmin/thin-egress-app#welcome-to-tea---the-thin-egress-app) is used by Cumulus for distribution. TEA can be deployed [with Cumulus](../deployment/thin_egress_app) or as part of other applications to distribute data.
```

## Workflow Tasks

### CNM

PO.DAAC provides two workflow tasks to be used with the [Cloud Notification Mechanism (CNM) Schema](https://github.com/podaac/cloud-notification-message-schema#cumulus-sns-schema): [CNM to Granule](https://github.com/podaac/cumulus-cnm-to-granule#cnm-to-granule-task) and [CNM Response](https://github.com/podaac/cumulus-cnm-response-task#cnm-response-task).

See the [CNM workflow data cookbook](../data-cookbooks/cnm-workflow) for an example of how these can be used in a Cumulus ingest workflow.

### DMR++ Generation

> GHRC has provided a [DMR++ Generation](https://github.com/ghrcdaac/dmrpp-generator#overview) wokrflow task. This is meant to be used in conjunction with Cumulus' [Hyrax Metadata Updates workflow task](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/tree/master/tasks/hyrax-metadata-updates#cumulushyrax-metadata-updates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GHRC has provided a [DMR++ Generation](https://github.com/ghrcdaac/dmrpp-generator#overview) workflow task. This task is meant to be used in conjunction with Cumulus' [Hyrax Metadata Updates workflow task](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/tree/master/tasks/hyrax-metadata-updates#cumulushyrax-metadata-updates).
```
